Search Bar Instructions (Dark Blue Bar)

Type a word you want to search for within the commands, and it will return all the commands with that word within it's definition in the Commands window (light blue).

-e on (adds a save function to the definitions pop up window)
-e (removes the save function from the definitions pop up menu)

Command Box (light blue box on the left)

Enter Command into Editor
Control + Enter

Commands that require no options will automatically enter the editor wherever the cursor is located. Any command that has options, will appear in a special window, with the wiki description and a sample of the format written above the entry widget.

Custom Box (Grey Box in middle)

This is simply a list of custom colors. The colors can be updated using the "Colors" button in the main windows' GUI.

Every color alias has an update button, after you add a hex number (#FFFFFF) and hit update, the file will update, and this box will update with the new colors text represented in the chosen color.

Description Box

Open Description in own Window

What you need to know, when you have a command ready to enter, it will enter at the point of the cursor in the file. Two dollar signs in a row is bad, the cursor should be on an empty line, the end of a line, or placed directly in front of another dollar sign. The dollar sign tells conky the next thing it see's will be a command. When you insert a new command it will insert formatted as such "${command options}". Eventually I will ad a check so when you add a command the program will check to see if the symbol before the cursor is a dollar sign and automatically move the command insertion point to prevent errors, for right now if you enter in the wrong place it will crash your conky.


Control + left mouse click

if editable is set to true, will open a window where you can read and adjust contents. Default at this point is 'on', default will be 'off' in later versions.

Editor Box (Black box on the right)

Add highlighted command to cursor location
Control + left mouse click
Control + Enter

Add highlighted Color to cursor location
Shift + Control + left mouse click
Shift + Control + Enter

Duplicate line
Control + d

Undo
Control + z

redu
Shift + Control + z

The "save" button saves only the concky.conf file, to update the conky window. To save file as a theme, or override an existing theme, click on the themes button and type the new theme name and click "Save Theme".

Syntax Highlighting
Yellow = colors
Pink = fonts
blue = alignment and offset
light green = images
grey = the rest of the commands
white = Plain text, unrelated to commands.
